2018 is almost on the book somehow this
year was even more insane than last year
so many crazy things transpired over the
last 12 months we decided to have a bit
of fun with that one on the street we
asked people about events that did not
occur in 2018 we made all of these up
but did that stop anyone from claiming
they knew about them well let's find out
in tonight's year-end edition of
Eyewitness News
[Music]
the big year a lot of headlines would
love to get your reaction to some of the
news stories from the year of course
this was the year that scientists
brought back the long extinct
saber-tooth Tiger was it so cute to see
that little tiger in the DC zoo I think
it was the close together I'm from I
live in North Carolina now so I was able
to go down and do all that kind of stuff
it was cool you wanted to solve the
saber-tooth tiger I didn't personally
see but I want you to zoo and it was
this big thing it was the coolest thing
ever this year we said goodbye at the
ripe old age of a hundred and two to
Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart are you sad that
Mozart pass and is no longer with us I
am saddened listened to much of his
music though I have to say but it is sad
because he was such a big influence this
year of course President Trump was
impeached and removed from office what
went through your mind when you saw that
footage of President Trump being led
into jail it was a pricing like a man
like Donald Trump from a businessman
from New York City and then he's a
president of this of the states you know
something like that could happen to him
as well like no one's own safe who are
you watching the news with when you saw
that footage a couple of friends oh yeah
watch France like well who I go to
school with this was a big year for NASA
a lot of big things in space travel of
course we have the first woman make it
all the way to the Sun were you excited
that a woman finally walked down the
side yeah it's super cool at women
finally get an opportunity and equal
chance to do things
even if it's you know immolating at on a
giant gaseous star yes I guess we're
getting more opportunities as women in
general this year president Trump fired
a nuclear warhead at North Korea do you
think wiping North Korea off the Mac was
a good idea yes yeah when you saw the
footage of those nuclear bombs falling
on North Korea and blowing it to
smithereens I was like it slid out here
are you excited this year that the
Supreme Court legalized marriage between
men and iPhones it really doesn't bother
me because I don't know how to use an
iPhone you know like I say if I couldn't
get me a flip phone I'm in Pitt yeah I'm
good
yeah I don't need all this other you
know if they want to get married let him
have at it
former President Andrew Jackson beloved
by Trump passed away this year
would you like to give your condolences
to Andrew Jackson's family absolutely
yes would you like to pour one out for
Andrew Jackson's rest in peace Andrew
Jackson
[Music]
by all hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel an evil
wizard has trapped me inside this
YouTube video click subscribe to help me
escape